fix(xo-server/resource-set): fix error when changing VM resource set (#7144)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.md

- [Self Service] Fix Self users not being able to snapshot VMs when they're members of a user group (PR [#7129](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7129))
- [Netbox] Fix "The selected cluster is not assigned to this site" error [Forum#7887](https://xcp-ng.org/forum/topic/7887) (PR [#7124](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7124))
- [Backups] Fix `MESSAGE_METHOD_UNKNOWN` during full backup [Forum#7894](https://xcp-ng.org/forum/topic/7894)(PR [#7139](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7139))

> - [Resource Set] Fix error displayed after successful VM addition to resource set PR ([#7144](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7144))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Self Service] Fix error displayed after adding a VM to a resource set ([PR #7144](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7144))
```

- [Self Service] Fix Self users not being able to snapshot VMs when they're members of a user group (PR [#7129](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7129))
- [Netbox] Fix "The selected cluster is not assigned to this site" error [Forum#7887](https://xcp-ng.org/forum/topic/7887) (PR [#7124](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7124))
- [Backups] Fix `MESSAGE_METHOD_UNKNOWN` during full backup [Forum#7894](https://xcp-ng.org/forum/topic/7894)(PR [#7139](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7139))

> - [Self Service] Fix error displayed after adding a VM to a resource set ([PR #7144](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/7144))

Reviewer: Changes should go in `CHANGELOG.unreleased.md` not `CHANGELOG.md`.
